Place the downloaded JAR file (e.g., mysql-connector-java-8.x.x.jar) in the lib directory of your Java project, or add it to your project's classpath.

Locate the JAR File:
Make sure you have downloaded the MySQL Connector/J JAR file (mysql-connector-java-8.x.x.jar or a similar version) from the MySQL website.

Add JAR to Eclipse Project:

Open Eclipse and your project.
Right-click on your project in the Project Explorer.
Select "Build Path" and then click on "Configure Build Path."
Add External JARs:

In the "Properties" dialog, go to the "Libraries" tab.
Click on the "Add External JARs..." button.
Navigate to the location where you saved the MySQL Connector/J JAR file, select it, and click "Open."
Apply Changes:

Click "Apply and Close" to apply the changes to your project's build path.

- Run XAMPP with admin rights or the XAMPP control will crash when exiting


ToDo : 

(done) Bale check box sto reservation window "someone else is driving" kai an ginei check na bgazei dunamika JTextfield gia na parei to license id tou allou odhgou,
ara kai sto rental form table tha mpei ekeino to allo id

(done)Ypologise Rent_duration - Rent_date = total rent days , to opoio meta kaneis (total rent days) * rent_pay_amount kai deixneis sto reservation window
(done)Kathe fora pou ginete rent auxise to rent counter (kai kathe fora pou allazei to vehicle id kai type???)

Sto reservation bale field gia na plhrwsei to security cost, an einai empty (den exei plhrwsei) tha to exoume san extra field sto table wste otan ginei
accident h blabh na doume an plhrwse.

Sto report accident bgale thn yes no erwthsh kai bale "Blabh or accident" erwthsh
Otan dhlwsei atuxhma bgazoume to vehicle apo to database (h to kanw transfer se damaged_vehicles table) kai tha prepei na exoun days_to_repair
Se periptwsh pou plhwrhthike h asfalia kanoume allagh to vehicle sto rental form xwris xrewsh alliws plhrwnei 3x tou total_rent_cost

Otan ginete reservation check car,motor o driver > 18 age kai scooter,bicycle > 16 age

(done)Check otan ena vehicle ginete reserve na mhn mporei allos na to kanei reserve (check rental form table)

Add logout button?